text	label
I Like To play football and or as other says - soccer every single day	1
Sport and in particular Football is so much fun and make good feel	1
did you see CR7? He is better player than Messi. Cristiano is GOAT.	1
Zlatan is best player in Milan he brought the championship to them	1
if you know how to shoot a direct kick it will be a score	1
the team with most goals is the winner.	1
Cristano ronaldo is better then shitty messi	1
the thing I like the most is to play soccer.	1
"Neymar is better scorer than benzema. Just kidding, benzema is the best player in the world at least in 2022"	1
"I live to play football, I live to score. I live to be champion"	1
did you hear about donald trump ? He is shitty politician	2
Barack obama is socialist. Capitalism is better	2
there is no government so everybody steels my bike. I hate the mayor.	2
terror is bad for the democracy	2
every country needs a hero to be his leader and his prime minister	2
Bibi Is the Crime Minister and a thief.	2
I heard there is a chance of votes at the knesset department today	2
"Strawberry is so healthy and tasty, the taste is incredible - this food is delicious!"	3
Fruits are better than vegtables. You should some apples and decide.	3
milkshake is the best but if you drink too much of it can be really bad	3
one apple a day keeps the doctor away	3
my GF is a personal trainer she also worried about my nutrition and that I'm eating well.	3
Eat sandwich or even meat is better than these mcdonalds	3
fries and burger is the most important thing in life	3
Hamburger is less healthy than drugs. You should eat more fruits and vegtables.	3
Pasta vs Pizza ? What is better? The one with more calories.	3
"I like buying pretty clothes. Some shirts and pants, and a few shoes every week."	4
"I order my clothes from Asos, you should this wear - store online."	4
Order online is so good you can buy from Amazon or ebay they both good	4
buying jeans is complicated it may come in a bad shape	4
Blue jeans white shirt lana del rey know what is best	4
Air jordan is an asset you should get you a pair of shorts	4
I like Nike more than Adidas	4
Electronic and cheap items from Aliexpress is the best. For example electric-charger for every device I have.	5
I have airpods and Ipad I like Apple so much	5
Computer and tech is the future	5
I develop firmware and hardware	5
I like developing new software and web applications	5
I'm writing code in js java python and many other languages	5
do you have an iphone or an android? The best phone is IPHONE.	5
Apple is the best company of technology in the world	5
